Small user guide update (#3191)
rotki/rotki: docs/usage_guide.rst

  - **Username**: it is just an identifier for your database; a local user.
  - **Password**: :red:`Do not forget this password`. It is used to encrypt all your local files.

If you want to restore an account using premium sync during the account creation, then you can **Enable premium**,
and insert your **API Key** and the **secret** here.

> For a completely new account it is suggest to add your premium API key and secret using :ref:`set-up-rotki-premium`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a completely new account it is suggested to add your premium API key and secret using :ref:`set-up-rotki-premium`
```

> after login in with the new account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after logging in with the new account.
```

To add or modify an account navigate to the "Blockchain Balances" sub-page and click the large "+" icon. Now choose the blockchain on which you want to add an account (for now only Bitcoin, Ethereum and Kusama chains are supported). Then type or paste the address in the "Account" textbox and press the "Save" Button.

.. image:: images/add_blockchain_account.png
   :alt: Add a blockchain account
   :align: center

> To stop tracking one or more accounts you can check corresponding box in the accounts table and click the "Delete" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop tracking one or more accounts you can check the corresponding box in the accounts table and click the "Delete" button.
```

On a successful merge you will be notified to to either re-login or refresh the balances manually to see the changes
on the frontend.

Adding missing prices
**********************

Some times rotki might be unable to retrieve a historical price for an asset from CoinGecko or CryptoCompare.

> In this case you can use the price management interface to insert your own entries of prices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case you can use the price management interface to insert your own price entries.
```

.. image:: images/price_management.png
   :alt: Price management
   :align: center

To add a new price you have to press the plus button. This will open the add form.

.. image:: images/price_management_add.png
   :alt: Adding a new price
   :align: center

> There you can specify the assets the price and the date of the price. Then you can proceed to save the entry.

Reviewer 2: I believe a comma is needed 
`There you can specify the assets, the price and the date of the price`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There you can specify the assets, the price and the date of the price. Then you can proceed to save the entry.
```

After saving you should be able to see the new entry.

Decentralized Finance
**********************

To track and analyze your DeFi actions use the Decentralized Finance tab from the left side menu. You can choose from the different types of DeFi actions presented in the submenu.

Overview
===========

Rotki provides an overview of your assets in the different Defi protocols.

.. image:: images/defi_overview.png
   :alt: Defi Overview
   :align: center

Deposits
===========

In the deposits section you can see the status of your different Defi lending protocols.
You can see the status of your Yearn Vaults, Aave lending, Compound supply along with
your DAI in MakerDAO DSR.

> The accounts that can be auto-detected from your given blockchain accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accounts are auto-detected from your given blockchain accounts.
```

> However you can manage the different modules and addresses that are queried to make the retrieval faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However you can, and most probably should, manage the different modules and addresses that are queried to make the retrieval faster.
```

For more information you can check :ref:`customize-module-settings`.

You can see how much of each asset you have locked over all of your accounts and how much of each is locked
for each account across the different protocols.

.. image:: images/sc_decentralized_deposits_no_premium.png
   :alt: DSR without premium
   :align: center

> You can also filter by account and protocol and you can see how the assets locked in the various protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also filter by account and protocol and you can see how the assets are locked in the various protocols.
```

.. image:: images/sc_decentralized_deposits.png
   :alt: Defi Deposits with premium
   :align: center

You can see details about the assets locked in your Yearn vaults and check the profit/loss per asset.

.. image:: images/sc_decentralized_deposits_yearn.png
  :alt: Defi Deposits Yearn Vaults
  :align: center

> You can also a details list of historical actions performed in the supported Defi protocols such as deposits withdrawals etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also get a detailed list of historical actions performed in the supported Defi protocols such as deposits withdrawals etc.
```

.. image:: images/sc_decentralized_deposits_history.png
  :alt: Defi Deposits history
  :align: center

> Finally you need to have premium in order for the total amount of earned assets in a given time period to be counted in the profit/loss report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally you need to have a premium subscription in order for the total amount of earned or lost value per asset in a given time period to be counted in the profit/loss report.
```

   :alt: Distribution of networth by asset
   :align: center

Gitcoin Grants
***************

As a premium user you can also keep track of your Gitcoin grants and generate reports for them.

.. image:: images/gitcoin_grants.png
   :alt: Gitcoin grant events
   :align: center

> You can type grant id, select a period you are interested in and press the fetch button to retrieve the events for this

Reviewer 2: Here we should mention how to get the grant id. In my case I go to the project page and in the url `https://gitcoin.co/grants/149/rotki` the grant id is before the project name and after grants. I don't know if there is a better way to find it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to first find the id ofthe grant you are interested in. When you visit the grant, the id is what comes after the ``grants/`` part of the url. For example for rotki (https://gitcoin.co/grants/149/rotki) the id is ``149``.

 You type the grant id, select a period you are interested in and press the fetch button to retrieve the events for this
```

period. After the the retrieval completes you should be able to see the list of the events for this Grant.

.. image:: images/gitcoin_grants_report.png
   :alt: Gitcoin grant events
   :align: center

With the events retrieved you can also generate reports for specific periods. In these reports you can see a breakdown
of the assets received for the specified grant over the selected period.

.. warning::

>     The report depends an the already fetched events. If any events are missing during the selected report period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The report depends on the already fetched events. If any events are missing during the selected report period
```
